---
title: "11 Ideas to save money in short term"
category: "Life"
date: "2022-06-17 12:00:00 +09:00"
desc: "Entry for 17-June-2022"
thumbnail: "./images/moving-on/goal.jpg"
alt: "saving money"
---

    1. Shop around for the best deals on essentials. Sometimes you get stuff online for cheaper. For example, I've always found books to be upto 70% cheaper on Amazon.
    2. Use coupons and discounts, it takes a few minutes to search for them, but there's a high chance that one your credit/debit cards have offers or discount. Check emails, sometimes companies send you discount codes as promotion as well.
    3. Cancel subscriptions or memberships that you no longer use, that includes news apps, streaming apps and so on.
    4. Sell items that you no longer need or use. This saves space in your house and gives you a bit of money.
    5. Cut back on dining out and cooking at home more often. Direct benefit is you save on ordering cost, indirect benefit is you save on healthcare as outside food is not healthy or that hygenic.
    6. Reduce energy consumption by turning off lights and appliances when not in use. 
    7. Consider switching to a cheaper cell phone plan or internet provider. Most prepaid plans are cheaper than the postpaid ones. You are also much more in control with them. You can even port to a cheaper provider.
    8. Put any extra money into a mutual fund or buy stocks. In the long term, it will generate wealth and beat inflation.
    9. Consolidate and refinance debt to lower interest rates.
    10. Use public transportation or carpool instead of driving alone.
