---
title: "One Piece is really a treasure"
category: "Life"
date: "2022-06-12 12:00:00 +09:00"
desc: "Entry for 12-June-2022"
thumbnail: "./images/markdown-test/thumbnail.jpg"
alt: "markdown logo"
---

## One Piece 1052
Been reading One Piece since almost a decade now. One of the longest running arc is about to end on One Piece with chapter 1052.
It is titled New Morning, which is poetic since this blog also means a new morning for me too. It is a promise to do things a bit different from today onwards.


## Audiobook - Can't Hurt Me

Just started this audiobook after I saw a recommendation by Ankur Warikoo on Instagram. It is a self help book and I am a bit conflicted about reading/listening those. 
External motivation rarely works on me. I still try this one as it is about a poor man rising, so I relate to this.

## This Blog - Just a beginning

I want to just document things I learn / experience hence writing this blog. Probably won't be sharing this on social media. The inspiration came from a guy on Bakchodi telegram group. I really want to write at least one entry daily.

## Days Gone 10% completion

Another PlayStation to PC port I am playing after God Of War. It is a Post Apocalyptic Zombie Survival Game. It started out good but now most missions are about cleaning a particular game area of some Zombie nests which is getting boring. I remember the few reviews I read about it were not that positive. The graphics are amazing though.
There's something I love about End of The World scenarios and the lawlessness that results. The world feels closer to an end more than ever now after Covid-19.

That's all for today.

